This programme contains strong
language and adult themes.
(HUBBUB)
Now you need to properly face
the idea of leaving this place.
This entire town will be underwater.
We're building the wall.
we're finishing the wall
and it'll protect the town.
JACKIE: 'I'm really sorry
that I have to tell you this...
but I just found Cefin.'
(CRIES OUT)
'I found him in a drainage ditch.'
(SOBS)
I think he drowned. Shell.
OWEN: Don't let this
take you back there. Jackie.
Is it Nessa Taman?
No. Male.
- Cefin's my best friend.
- And were you
with him after school yesterday?
- You were? After school?
- You are not
the right person for this.
You've already destroyed one
family with your investigation.
You bastard!
Dylan. stop!
You should never have left
- the force.
- My partner.
who I trusted with my entire life.
fucked it up when they betrayed me.
IRENE: The sample's sea water. The
water in his lungs is fresh water.
That ditch is not where Cefin died.
So I er. I hear you've got some
theories about children. Osian.
You shouldn't have them.
Having children will condemn
humanity to a hellish future.
(DOG GROWLS SOFTLY)
OK. Could you tell me. please.
where you were on Thursday.
after the incident
in the playground?
I was here.
I was here too. all day.
Lots of people saw my brother.
the councillor. Gareth Morgan.
Do you think
this is what happened to Nessa?
We don't know what "this" is yet.
Because everyone is wondering
if we should start worrying
that one of us is capable
of something like that.
Do you think one of you IS capable
of doing something like that?
Oh. I think we all are.
If the circumstances are right.
anyone could be capable of anything.
(SLURPS)
Personally though. I'm more
worried about sink holes.
They're something to watch out for.
♪ BEADIE: Mosaic
♪ Night after sorrow
♪ You're my song
♪ Strings will collide
♪ We are undone
♪ Dark in the waters
♪ Deep in regret
♪ Better to remember
♪ Or better to forget...
(MUSIC FADES)
(TENSE MUSIC)
Not wrapping up any time soon?
We're all wondering -
It doesn't look like it. does it?
This town's been through a lot.
Remember?
We'd hoped to see the back of you.
OK. That's enough of
the interior decorating. thank you.
Let's get going. Detective Deng.
can you please present? Is this me?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Oh.
- Hi.
- Jackie.
I just er...
I wanted to see how James is doing.
Exhausted.
You know...
nightmares all night.
My brother's come over
to distract him.
Come in.
Cefin Hill left school
with James Rees at 3:30.
Their usual route home takes them
to the corner. where they split up.
We have witnesses saying they
headed out of the school gates
towards this corner but no witnesses
who saw them after that.
At five. James Rees returned home.
Cefin's body
was found in a ditch at 7.30pm.
The body was intact but missing
a pair of blue Wellington boots.
size two.
Now. the ditch had seawater in it
but he drowned in fresh water.
so we know the body was moved.
We suspect it was brought
along the footpath.
We don't have any CCTV -What we
don't have is a primary crime scene.
And we only have a small window left
to recover whatever forensics we can
from whoever moved the body.
We have the handprint from the bank.
Which is incomplete and inexact.
Look. our biggest lead
remains fresh water. OK?
This includes sheep troughs.
water butts. garden features.
garden ponds. anything that can
be filled with a hose.
Now. since no-one saw them
after school.
then they were probably
somewhere remote.
So. the footpath. it runs from
the town through the marsh
to the Spider Island community
in this vast tidal area.
There's also Solomon Bevan's farm -
that's Cefin's grandfather -
and then there's Coed Mawr. here.
Which is the woods
where Nessa Taman went missing.
If we find the evidence to link
them. then we'll link them.
But until then.
can we please just concentrate
on how Cefin Hill died
and who was involved?
It's the weekend. perfect for meet
and greets. Let's get to it. please.
Thank you. Deng? Deng?
Yeah. yeah.
Have you got nieces and nephews?
Er. yeah.
- I've got one nephew. he's two.
- OK.
You're gonna interview James Rees.
I'm going to find out
about that pipeline.
(SOFTLY) OK.
(CHATTER ON TV IN WELSH)
We're gonna watch TV all day.
aren't we. boy?
James. can I show you something?
Here. just pause it for a minute.
(TV SOUND OFF)
It's um...
...something that Cefin drew.
Do you know what it is?
That's the bee man.
Look. It is nearly better.
That's good. I'm glad.
The bee man?
Does he have a name?
Kieran.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC)
Kieran Benbow?
I think.
- Did Cefin know him?
- He gave Cefin
a present for his birthday.
A present?
(WHOOSHING ON TV)
(TV SOUND OFF)
James...
...were you and Cefin with Kieran
on Thursday after school?
Are you questioning him?
I wouldn't ask
if it wasn't important.
To who?
Important to who?
Come here. Come on.
How does he know Kieran?
Why is he going to Spider Island?
Why would you let him do that?
Slow down. Jackie.
Kieran Benbow was a suspect
in Nessa's disappearance. Dylan.
That was years ago.
I'm gonna speak to him.
Jackie. come on. don't.
Has it not occurred to you
that what happened to Cefin
might be connected to Nessa?
I don't know anything about it.
It's not council owned.
Well. whose pipeline is it?
If it runs from up there.
then probably Spider island.
Up there?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. stop. stop. stop.
What?
See there?
Where?
There. look.
Redshank eggs.
Oh. yeah.
That's weird. They shouldn't
be nesting in October.
Um...
Your officers are not gonna be
all over here now. are they?
Because there are a lot
of rare marsh birds.
I'll tell them to be careful.
So how long do you think
this pipeline's been here?
I'd say maybe a fortnight
or else I would have seen it.
The homes on Spider Island
are extremely precarious
and there's been
a lot of high tides.
so I imagine that's why
they put it in.
All this. yeah.
All this will be underwater soon.
What's going on with that
weather front in the Gulf of Mexico?
It's er. unpredictable.
One minute it looks like a
tropical depression. all normal.
and then the next it's a full-blown
hurricane. 200km winds.
And do you think
it's going to affect us?
The jet streams coming off it
will create other storms
and those storms
will hit Western Europe.
we just don't know
exactly when or where.
Yeah.
Listen. I wanted to er...
I'm sorry if I um...
put you on the spot yesterday.
I know you're here
in a professional capacity
and I would never want
to make you feel uncomfortable.
It's just it was. you know...
...a nice surprise to see you again.
Right.
OK. look. I'm just going to er...
Yeah. that's fine.
- Alright then.
- You get on.
(EERIE MUSIC)
(BEES BUZZING)
No-one ever
wants to come up this way.
I guess that's why
they love Spider Island.
Would you ever join them.
if we had to leave Morfa?
I don't want to live with them lot.
Don't you know some of them?
Jean. Kieran.
Kieran Benbow.
All this with cousin Cefin
and his accident.
It reminds me
of when Nessa disappeared.
In what way?
I don't know.
It just makes me feel bad.
Guilty. you know?
You don't need to feel guilty.
Kathy.
Leave that to the adults.
Two hours. alright?
(TENSE MUSIC)
Kieran?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(DISTANT CONVERSATION)
(INDISTINCT HEATED CONVERSATION)
I'm gonna have to be honest.
That's all I can do. Shell.
(SOFTLY) Shit.
(INDISTINCT DISTANT CONVERSATION)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
MAN: Yeah?
(DISTANT DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
What in the fucking hell
are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Are you bringing him in?
I should take you in
for breaking and entering.
Don't wind yourself up. Bull.
Jackie. you need to back off.
Do you hear me? OK?
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
Kieran.
- I've got nothing to hide.
- Yeah. just
come with me a minute. will you?
Listen. would you mind if we had
a chat down the station. that OK?
(CONVERSATION CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Alright. Danny.
Hey. Jackie.
Is Shell in?
No.
She's with the family
up at the farm.
She went up this morning. Yeah. I
just... I just... I couldn't face it.
Well. the police came this morning.
Um...
Took things from Cefin's bedroom.
They er...
they said not to say anything
but they know...
...they know someone moved his body.
What?
Yeah. Someone here.
We assume.
Living here.
Why would they do something
like that?
I don't know. Danny.
Yeah.
Hey. look. um. we're not gonna open
and the freezer's full um. so...
Here. why don't you take this.
Er. these are... these are good.
I don't eat meat. but thank you.
You could take those and er...
I can't throw these out.
(SHAKILY) Um... would you er...
would you wanna take some...
would you wanna...
Look. why don't you take some
for your Dad. eh?
(GASPS BREATHLESSLY)
(SNIFFLES) I can't breathe.
It's alright.
(PANICKED GASPS)
Come here.
Try and breathe through your nose.
(PANICKED GASPS)
In through your nose...
(INHALES SHAKILY)..and then out
through your mouth. Slowly.
(GASPS)
Do it again.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(EXHALES SHAKILY)
That's it. that's it.
One more time.(INHALES DEEPLY)
In through your nose.
I'm sorry. Sorry!
It's alright.
Sorry.
Come here.
(GASPS TEARFULLY) Sorry.
It's alright.
I'm sorry.
Jackie. you'll um...
...tell me. won't you. if you
hear anything. anything at all?
You'll let me know. won't you?
They don't tell me anything anymore.
Yeah.
But um I...
What?
They er...
they're questioning
everyone again. right? They will.
- Yeah?
- But I heard they're
speaking to Kieran. Kieran Benbow.
Why Kieran Benbow?
Remember in Nessa's case?
Yeah -He was seen in the woods
the morning that she went missing.
He was seen repeatedly. you know
where the kids' swing is?
And now I've heard he's been
spending time with Cefin.
No. he didn't um...
He didn't spend time with Cefin.
He gave him a present.
What? What kind of present?
What kind of present. Jackie?
I don't know.
Er...
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said
anything about Kieran. I just...
I know the police
are gonna talk to you
once they know something for sure.
I know they will.
I'm sorry.
(SHOP BELL TINKLES)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Last time I was here you were living
- in a bungalow on the seafront.
- Yeah.
The council bought it up and smashed
it down almost a year ago now.
OK. so then you took the payout
and you moved to the sticks. yeah?
How many people live
- on Spider Island?
- There's 16 of us.
We're a community living
in unison with the environment.
How does living in unison with the
environment include dumping seawater
into a town that's already half
- drowned?
- Don't take the piss.
Hey. sit down. Kieran. sit down.
We're only having a friendly chat.
I know how friendly chats go.
I live every day with the friendly
chat we had three years ago.
It's like a bad smell.
People step away from me.
I know you know cos I see
how people here look at you.
A child has been found dead
in the same ditch
that you drain seawater into.
He also had a bee sting on his neck.
I think you better sit down.
don't you?
Thank you.
You were tending your beehives on
Thursday afternoon. is that right?
- Yes.
- Was Cefin Hill with you?
No. he wasn't.
But you do know Cefin Hill?
- I know who he is.
- Yeah.
Cos him and his best friend.
James Rees...
...both had bee stings.
There's plenty of bees around.
They're defensive creatures.
Are they?
Yeah. And they do sting
when they feel threatened.
I'm not doing this
without a lawyer present.
I only agreed to talk to you
about the pipeline.
OK. yeah.
We'll stick to the pipeline.
How does it work?
The generator that services
all the boats is sinking.
We're living below sea level.
We're doing all we can to survive.
Yeah. I get it.
So. could you er. write a list of
everyone who knows about it. please?
Just here.
I've got a list
of all the Spider Islanders
who knew about the pipeline.
I want statements. please.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
ON RECORDING)
James wouldn't speak to me.
Nothing. Not even his name.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
ON RECORDING)
I doubt we can get
another interview.
We're gonna have to.
He looks scared.
Um. before I came to Morfa.
I read over your notes
- on the Nessa Taman case.
- Mm-hmm.
And there are a number of links.
You interviewed both Osian Northam
and Kieran Benbow.
And...
There was a farmhand at the
Bevan's too. August Antonov.
- Do you remember him?
- Yeah.
He came in and made a statement.
Well no. he wanted to give
a statement but he never did.
There was no interpreter available
and. by the time one was found.
he'd decided he didn't want to
make a statement anymore.
We spoke to a lot of people
back then.
There's nothing to suggest
he knows anything about this case.
Yes. but he just might
help shed light on -
Have you done a record-check
on all the labourers
that were working on the sea wall?
No.
Mac Jones hasn't given us a list
of who was working yet.
He wanted to speak to you first.
- Why?
- He didn't say.
OK.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
Oi!
Oh. fuck.
What are you doing here?
It's not a crime scene anymore. Bull.
You need to stop now. Ellis.
You are a liability. If we wanted
to bring in any evidence
from Kieran's boat
it wouldn't be admissible now.
There's a child-sized beekeeping suit
on that boat. You gotta bring it in.
Jesus fucking Christ!
It's perfectly useable as evidence.
But you gotta bring it in right now.
Don't you tell me what I need to do.
OK?
I heard the body was moved.
I can't help but be part of this.
Bullshit. Of course you can.
Look at this.
Please.
Cefin drew this.
Nessa drew this. Three years apart.
Two days before Cefin died
and Nessa went missing.
- Just go home. Ellis.
- You can't
tell me they're not connected.
You need to stop playing at being
detective. For your own sake. right?
- Fuck off.
- For your own sake. You're
fucking high risk and you know it.
You know everyone here.
you're impulsive.
talking to suspects.
breaking into fucking boats.
You are interfering with this
investigation and if you do not stop
I will have you arrested.
Do you understand?
You cannot tell me
that they're not linked.
Go home.
You've got to investigate
both cases. Bull.
Give me an argument
for linking Nessa Taman's case...
...with Cefin Hill's.
Well. the MO's similar.
Both nine year-old children
missing in similar circumstances.
We don't know they were similar
because Nessa's body
was never recovered.
But it's unlikely to be a kidnapping
and. given her age.
it's highly likely she's dead.
We might be interviewing
the same suspects.
but there is no link in the evidence
or witness statements.
and your MO is questionable.
How's the cauliflower cheese?
Not bad.
Have you finished with it?
Cheers. thank you.
I know why you don't want
the cases to be linked.
It would make you wrong about
Jackie Ellis's sister. Lydia Taman.
I know that was a big thing.
when you accused her.
Is that why Jackie Ellis resigned?
Because you accused her sister
of Nessa's murder?
Jackie Ellis was suspended for gross
misconduct. That's why she left.
Misconduct?
Yeah.
(DISTANT ROCK MUSIC)
♪ CREAM: Strange Brew
♪ She's some kind of demon
♪ Messin' in the glue
♪ If you don't watch out
♪ It'll stick to you
♪ To you
♪ What kind of fool are you?
♪ Strange brew
♪ Killin' what's inside of you...
(MUSIC FADES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
(INDISTINCT HEATED CONVERSATION)
(SIGHS)
(DISTANT BIRDSONG)
(LAUGH ECHOES)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
You alright?
Shell.
Sticking your bloody beak in.
Do you know last night
was the first night in 16 years
that Danny didn't sleep
in his house?
He was that upset.
Shell. I understand.
I'm so sorry -
I should be furious with you.
Do you know. I am furious with you.
I didn't tell Danny but I saw you
at Spider Island with Kieran.
You're such a fucking nosey parker.
Jackie Ellis.
This has nothing to do with Kieran.
Not in the way you think.
Well. in what way then?
Stay out of this.
Are you still seeing him?
It was a bloody long time ago.
Just leave it. yeah?
Wasn't it around the time
Cefin was born. Shell?
Stay out of it.
(EXHALES SHAKILY)
What you doing here?
- I couldn't sleep.
- What about my
sister? Get yourself home.
Be with her and the boys.
What do you think you're doing?
- She's alright.
- She's bloody not.
Now. go home. Now.
The hair we found on his body
is not Cefin's.
We ran it through the database.
no match.
OK.
Any other details?
Er. it's cut short. Brownish.
Right.
The fingernail scrapings...
Yeah... contain butyl rubber fibres
and high-density
polyethylene fibres. No DNA.
Likely your killer wore a
protective suit and rubber gloves.
And we're not talking
about Marigolds.
My killer?
- Most certainly.
- Shit.
Cefin was held under the water...
...and he struggled.
There's bruising
on the back of his neck.
Finger marks.
Shall I go on?
Yeah. Yeah.
Er. we found traces
of sodium hydroxide in Cefin's eyes.
Sorry. sodium what?
Lye. Caustic soda.
It's highly alkaline and corrosive.
depending on the dilution.
Given the inflammation
around his eyes. nose and mouth.
it appears to have been
in the water he was drowned in.
But how would it have
ended up in the water?
Are there any landfills
in that area?
Landfills?
- First place I'd look.
- OK.
Alright then.
Look. is there er... anything
else I should know?
Close contact with sodium hydroxide
can cause a nasty burn on the skin.
Well. was Cefin burned?
No. but your killer could be.
OK. Thanks. Irene. Thank you.
Detective.
Mac Jones.
I need a list of all the labourers
that were working on Thursday.
I wanted to speak to you
before I gave you the list.
The ledger's in the yard. do you
- want to follow me there?
- OK. yeah.
You been out of town?
I had to pick these up.
Mm-hmm.
Back in a second.
Thank you.
Names. addresses. days worked. it's
all there. Every man I've employed.
- You're welcome to copy it.
- Alright.
Can I just check. just to be clear.
that you were on site
from 4pm on Thursday
until you went to the town meeting
- at 7?
- That's right.
Listen. I wanted to speak to you
because you see over there...
What. Dylan Rees?
Yeah.
He was working the day Cefin died
but he was here. alone. not on site.
And he's got a record.
It's minor. A long time ago.
Stole some TVs. possession of weed.
I know about Dylan Rees.
Well. he's an idiot.
but he's a good idiot.
And I know how these things work -
you look for people with records -
but I want to reiterate
Dylan's a good guy.
he'd nothing to do with this.
Why was he here. not on site?
I tend to keep people here
for deliveries and so on.
And what's happening with Sunnyside?
We're waiting for planning.
- Yeah?
- Been four years already.
It's a ruin.
Yeah.2005. Massive flood.
took out the whole site.
I used to come over here as a kid.
I thought it was magic.
They'll love it
when we've done it up.
I thought you were all being
encouraged to leave Morfa?
I love this place. I met Nisha here.
We've a one-year-old now.
This is home. We all feel like that.
And this wall will mean none of us
will have to leave.
Thanks for this. I'll get it
- - back to you.
- Good luck.
- Cheers.
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
SHELL:
- Come on. let's get in the car.
- OK.
DENG: Right. I see.
And there are no council ones?
OK.
(PHONE CLICKS)
So. the nearest landfill
is 30 miles away on the mainland.
It's too far. With the time of death
and the tides.
he must have died here.
(INDISTINCT DISTANT CHATTER)
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
Hey.
Kieran Benbow.
(GULLS SCREECH)
Dad.
Hello. love.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- How are you doing?
- Hi.
Hello. little one.
I want to thank you all for coming.
to pay your respects to us
and to pay your respects to Cefin.
Cefin was a splendid boy...
...and he loved this place.
He loved this community...
...and he wouldn't want to see us
lose that. you know.
lose each other.
lose this place.
Morfa Halen was everything
Cefin knew and loved.
So. you know. whatever lies ahead...
...we must all stick together.
The police
have been in touch with us...
...and they don't think Cefin's death
was an accident.
We just want to understand
what happened. you know?
So if any of you know anything
or hear anything
and don't want to go to the police.
then come to me. will you?
Eh?
I mean. we just want to...
(SIGHS)
(IN WELSH) # Dwedwch fawrion
(OTHERS JOIN IN) # O wybodaeth
♪ O ba beth
♪ Y gwnaethpwyd hiraeth
♪ A pha ddefnydd
♪ A roed ynddo
♪ Na ddarfyddo
♪ Wrth ei wisgo?
♪ Derfydd aur
♪ A derfydd arian
♪ Derfydd melfed
♪ Derfydd sidan... ♪
(LIVELY CHATTER)
(HEATED ARGUMENT IN WELSH)
(ARGUMENT CONTINUES)
(WIND WHISTLES)
Kieran!
What are you doing here?
Paying my respects.
You think it's respectful
showing up when the family know
you're being questioned?
Look.
I know you want to pin this on me
but I had nothing to do with Nessa
and I have nothing to do with this.
I know he was your child.
Cefin.
How do you fucking know that?
Who told you?
Was it Shell?
DENG: Jackie Ellis.
Detective Jess Deng.
I'm Bull's DSIO.
Assigned for the case.
not his partner.
I heard you were good police.
This your first case?
You don't need to let that
- worry you. We're all over it.
- Yeah.
I had that confidence
on my first case.
Nothing's straightforward. Detective.
You've got to listen to your doubts.
And if you don't have 'em.
you gotta find 'em. (KIDS SHOUT)
Danny!
Shell. I know he's really upset.
Where's he going?
Shell?
Is he going to Spider Island?
Bring him back. Jackie. Please.
(TENSE MUSIC)
Kath! Kath!
Listen. will you wait there
for a sec? I'll be right back.
Oi!
Where are they going?
- Eh?
- Your cousin Kath and Jackie.
where are they going?
They're going to Spider Island.
Shit.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC)
DANNY:
I'm not gonna hurt anyone. OK?
I just wanna talk to Kieran.
that's all.
Danny.
Jackie.
I want to help you. Danny.
There's nothing you can do.
It's between me and Kieran.
Get out of here. please.
Give him some space.
I know...
why you kept going to the woods.
It's where you met him. isn't it?
Shell told me.
For years...
you met and played with my boy...
like he was your own son.
It wasn't like that.
Danny. put it down. Please.
Did you ever tell him?
No.
Danny. we can figure it out.
I just wanted was to see him
occasionally. that's all it was.
It changes everything. him knowing.
- He didn't know.
- Don't tell me
what you think I want to hear!
OK.
Danny.
Stop this. Put it down.
Did you kill him?
No!
Put the gun down. Danny. Please.
I...
...I always suspected
but I never knew.
And...
yeah. it didn't... it didn't matter
when he was alive.
It just didn't matter.
He was just...
He was there being...
beautiful Cefin...
...and I was there being his Dad.
Do you have any idea...
what it's like...
...to stand there.
in front of...
...in front of everyone.
friends consoling you...
...paying their respects to...
to Cefin's father?
And I'm thinking. "It's all a lie."
You're his father.
You are. So...
...what does that make me?
An imposter.
Fuck it.
(COCKS GUN)
No. Danny!
(GASPS)
You're his father. Danny.
Look at me.
You cared for that boy
day in. day out. since he was born.
You loved him.
OK? That's what family is.
That's what parenting is.
not fucking genetics.
And that's why you're grieving.
And you've got every right to grieve
because he loved you. Danny.
Oh. jeez.
No!
(EXHALES WEARILY)
It's alright.
I'm sorry.
(GASPS WEARILY)
(SOBS)
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what I'm fucking doing.
(SOBS)
It's OK.
Come on then. Danny.
So that's why you were in the woods
that day Nessa disappeared.
You were with Cefin.
I... I know you think I saw her
but... I didn't.
She wasn't there. No-one was.
The woods were empty.
Six of the Bevan cousins said
they saw her playing in the woods
that day.
Six Bevan kids lied.
Just keep an eye on him.
Thank you.
OK? Good night.
Come inside.
Everywhere. you are. in't yer. eh?
Jackie Ellis
in everyone's business. as usual.
Well. thank God one of us is.
You know people round here
don't lock their houses
because they trust one other.
- They trust me.
- So what are you
saying. that I need your help?
Yeah. Use me.
But... it can't be a one-way thing.
You've got to share information
- with me.
- Against the bloody rules.
Grow up.
Evidence
has already been washed away.
We don't have time for fucking rules.
So...
...Kieran Benbow...
He said that Nessa wasn't in
the woods the day she disappeared...
that none of the kids were.
And if that's true then...
everything we thought we knew
about Nessa's last moments.
they're not true. are they?
And all the Bevan cousins
are fucking lying.
I think that Cefin MIGHT have gone
to their farm after school.
Why do you say that?
Just got a hunch.
You don't have hunches.
James told me.
On the beach. He said to me.
"Sometimes me and Cefin
used to go and play
at Solomon's farm after school."
But he won't talk to Deng.
I mean. you're his teacher.
Maybe you could sit in
on an interview and we could er...
I dunno. it could help us out.
Hiya. You OK. Shell?
I've been told you're asking around
town about... about a landfill.
Yeah?
Look. I can't be sure.
but I think there's waste buried
up at the old quarry.
On my dad's land.
out beyond the farm.
OK. Thank you.
This could be
our primary crime scene.
Come on then.
Get in.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC)
So. Cefin was drowned in water that
showed traces of sodium hydroxide.
Irene said the most likely source
is industrial waste.
Solomon would never allow it on
- his land.
- Well. let's see. shall we?
Look. barrels.
Why would Cefin
come all the way out here?
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky